README.md, before:

# Typing-Speed-Test
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://i.ibb.co/2MqRKFv/Logo.jpg" alt="Logo" border="0">
    <br>A GUI based application that calculates your typing speed
</p>

---

[![GitHub pull-requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/pulls)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/issues)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/graphs/contributors)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/releases)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test)

[![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Open Source Love svg1](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Motivation](#Motivation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [License](#License)

## Contributing 

To contribute to Typing-Speed-Test, fork the repository, create a new branch and send us a pull request. Make sure you read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) before sending us Pull requests. 

Also, thanks for contributing to Open-source!

## License 

Typing-Speed-Test is under The MIT License. Read the [LICENSE](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

Updated the logo and readme file contents

README.md, after:

# Typing-Speed-Test
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://i.ibb.co/W0FLjjt/Logo.jpg" alt="Logo" border="0">
    <br>A GUI based application that calculates your typing speed
</p>

---

[![GitHub pull-requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/pulls)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/issues)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/graphs/contributors)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.svg)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/releases)
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test)

[![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Open Source Love svg1](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Motivation](#Motivation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [License](#License)

## Motivation

The main objective of this project was to create a simple and easy to use application that would calculate typing speed. This would enable users to increase their typing skills and also monitor their progress.

Most typing tests are online and the ones that are downloadable(offline) are usually just malware. And so, I set out to build my own typing speed test.

## Usage

Installing and using this application is quite straightforward.

For the latest Stable version, go to [Releases](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/releases)

Extract the files and run `Typing-Speed-Test.py` file present in the `src` folder.

As an alternative, you could also clone the repository using.
<pre>
git clone https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test.git
</pre>

Once you launch the `Typing-Speed-Test.py` file, just select one of the three modes.
- Warmup : A random stream of short and long words that help you warmup your fingers.
- Easy : Short words that help you practice typing.
- Hard : Expertise level, Long and difficult words.

Now, just click on start and follow the instructions shown in the application.

## Contributing 

To contribute to Typing-Speed-Test, fork the repository, create a new branch and send us a pull request. Make sure you read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) before sending us Pull requests. 

Also, thanks for contributing to Open-source!

## License 

Typing-Speed-Test is under The MIT License. Read the [LICENSE](https://github.com/SVijayB/Typing-Speed-Test/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more information.
